"Brandon had to solve problems from 45 to 75 for homework.
If Brandon has solved all the tasks assigned to him, how much has he solved the problem? "
Here we come to the temptation to simply subtract 45 of 75.
Well you could say that 75 minus 45 equals 30.
He might have solved exactly 30 tasks.
But we have to be very, very careful.
And to understand why we have to be careful - I'll put a questionnaire here.
To understand why we have to be careful, imagine -
Let's go try a few numbers to figure things out.
Let's say, instead of 45 to 75, let's assume he had to solve problems from 3 to 6.
If we use the technique we mentioned just before,
they would say that 6 minus 3 equals 3.
Maybe he had to solve 3 problems
Count them.
There is a problem 1, problem 2, problem 3, problem 4, problem 5, problem 6.
They will have to solve problems from third to sixth, including problem 3.
So, solve problem 3, problem 4, problem 5, problem 6.
When I deduct 6 of 3, I actually only count problems 4, 5 and 6.
I look at how much I have to go from 3 to 6.
Not including the third problem.
So, while solving problems from the third to the sixth,
does not solve 6 minus 3, but 6 minus 3 plus 1.
It actually solves 4 problems.
We can check in multiple scenarios that when we subtract, we do not consider the initial problem.
We only count the singles after him.
To answer this question, if he solves problems from 45 to 75,
it's not enough just to take it away.
It will not account for the first problem, problem 45.
We need to add one.
In this case, Brandon solved 31 problems.
Let's solve another problem.
"The baker has the whole bread. How many cuts he has to make to get the same 7 pieces?"
You can solve this directly by trying to cut the spit.
But let's think if we have 70 equal parts, a lot more.
We can draw a little bread.
That's our bread.
If we want 2 pieces, how many times do we have to cut off?
We'll cut it off once.
2 slides, make only 1 cut.
What if we want to sell 3?
If we want 3 dice, how many cuts will we make?
Let's lurk once, and we'll grab another time.
We prank twice, and I think you see the pattern.
If we want 4 dice, how many cuts do we make?
Well, 1, 2, 3 cut, so there will be 3 cuts.
We can go up to 7, but you can see the pattern.
As much as we want, we have to make as many cuts as minus one.
For 7 spades, we need 6 cuts, and we see why.
We do not have to cut that last part. He remains on the verge.
Let's solve another one.
"He built a flat fence with 1 meter wide spacers.
If the fence is 18 meters long, how many columns do he need? "
We use the same idea.
Let's deal with a smaller situation.
Imagine a 2 meter fence.
For a 2 meter fence, he will need 1 column. Then one meter fence goes.
Then he needs another column.
Then he goes one meter fence, and then he needs another column.
If we compare this with bread cutting, we have a cut, but we must also have the ends.
For 2 meters of fences, they need 3 pillars.
And for 3 meters fence?
We'll need the first pillar, the meter of the fence. Then the second pillar, and the meter fence.
We also have the third pillar, but we're not done yet.
We have another meter of fencing. And we need a final column here.
You see we need 4 pillars.
We need a pillar at the beginning of each part, and one pillar to the end.
What we see is that as many meters as the long fence we need so many pillars plus one.
Here, if we have 18 meters, we will need 19 fence posts.